ASSIGNMENT DESCRIPTION
In this assignment, you will implement a system according to the following description.
A hospital is creating a brand new on-line booking system for managing patient-specialist appointments.
The hospital has five specialists, in different areas of medicine (e.g. cardiac, renal, paediatric). These specialists have regular slots for appointments every week. For example, the cardiac specialist may have six slots available on Monday, Wednesday and Friday; for simplicity, we assume each slot starts on the hour (e.g. 9am, 10am etc). Each specialist is given a single letter identifier, e.g. C for the cardiac specialist. Each slot is given a code such as MO09 for 9am on Monday. Hence, each appointment can be given a booking code, such as CMO09, for meeting the cardiac specialist at 9am on Monday.
The on-line booking system is used by patients to schedule an appointment with a specialist. Each patient will first enter their unique hospital id number, and then the specialist they want to meet and desired date. The system will list the available slots for that specialist. The patient may then select one of the available slots, select a different date, or a different specialist. The patient should also be shown a list of all booked appointments, which they have yet to attend.
When the patient arrives for their appointment, they need to enter their hospital id number and booking code. The system then records them as ‘waiting’. When the specialist is free, the appointment will be ‘in progress’. Finally, when finished, the appointment is recorded as ‘finished’. Sometimes a specialist has to cancel their appointments at short notice. If either the patient or specialist fails to attend the appointment, it is recorded as ‘cancelled’.
The specialist is able to view all their appointments for a given day, getting the patient’s name and hospital ID number. An administrator is able to view all appointments for a month, and produce a report of how many appointments each specialist took each month, how many were completed and how many cancelled.
Implement this system using collection classes to hold the data (you do not need any kind of database or storage on disk). Your program should set up the five specialists, at least three patients, and six bookings when it begins.